Modify rule S6377: Enhance the Noncompliant / Compliant examples (#946)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6377/description.adoc

XML signature validations work by parsing third-party data that cannot be trusted until it is actually validated.

> As with any other parsing process, unrestricted validation of third-party XML signatures can lead to security vulnerabilities. In this case, threats range from denial of service to confidentiality breaches. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with any other parsing process, unrestricted validation of third-party XML signatures can lead to security vulnerabilities. In this case, threats range from denial of service to confidentiality breaches.

By default, the Java XML Digital Signature API does not apply restrictions on XML signature validation, unless the application runs with a security manager. +
```

I suggest we take the comment from the noncompliant section and modify it to add it here.

> To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the DOMValidateContext's ``org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation`` attribute from the Java XML Digital Signature API enforces the following restrictions:

Reviewer: Honestly, I'd say that adding the namespace instead of paraphrasing could be even more concise and clear:

```suggestion
To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, set the ``org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation`` attribute with the``javax.xml.crypto.dsig.dom.DOMValidateContext.setProperty`` method. +
This attribute ensures that the code enforces the following restrictions:
```

WDYT?

Author: I really prefer this version:

To protect the application from these vulnerabilities, the DOMValidateContext's ``org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation`` attribute from the Java XML Digital Signature API enforces the following restrictions:

Reviewer: Ok! My opinion is that not having the method to actually add it might slow down the fix.

Here are two more arguments:

1. It's a duplicate explanation since the message already states:
    > Set the ‘org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation’ property to true on the ‘DOMValidateContext’ to validate this XML signature securely.
2. Writing both "Java XML Digital Signature API" and "org.jcp.xml.dsig.secureValidation" is also a duplicate of the same meaning

* Forbids Reference URIs of type ``http``, ``https``, or ``file``
* Does not allow a ``RetrievalMethod`` element to reference another ``RetrievalMethod`` element
* Forbids RSA or DSA keys less than 1024 bits

> In addition, the ``jdk.xml.dsig.secureValidationPolicy`` Security Property can be used to control and fine-tune the restrictions listed previously or add additional restrictions.

Reviewer: Agreed on the deletion. We do not demonstrate it, but demonstrating would be out-of-scope for this description.
